---
title: Programs
class: programs
secondClass: pannel
thirdClass: "no-bg"
identification: content3
published: true
---

###_Current Programs:_###
####SUMMER-BOOST KINDERGARTEN READINESS PROGRAM
NET funded the transportation costs for Nantucket's youngest islanders. This gift decreased barriers to participation and ensured consistent attendance to this integral pre-kindergarten experience. Summer Boost is designed for children with limited exposure to academic skills including: letter and number recognition, language, fine and gross motor skills and pro-social activities. 

####NANTUCKET SCALLOP RESEARCH INTERNSHIP PROJECT
Researcher, Peter Boyce, under the direction of Maria Mitchell Association mentored three student interns to gather and analyze data collected regarding scallop propagation. NET supported this project by funding one exemplary student intern.   

####GUEST SPEAKER NAVY SEAL RYAN PETERS 
NET, in collaboration with Egan Maritime Institute & Nantucket Public Schools, invited all community members to hear Ryan Peters share his personal experience as a Navy Seal.  

####HOLIDAY ON BROADWAY WITH LEAH HOCKING
NET was excited to assist in bringing leading Broadway Vocalist, Leah Hocking, to Nantucket for a Holiday on Broadway performance with the Nantucket High School Choir - a once in a lifetime opportunity for many of our high school students.  

###_Proposed Programs:_###
####LITERARY EXCHANGE with AMERICAN SCHOOL OF LONDON
We plan to develop an exchange for Nantucket High School students in Honors and/or Advanced Placement English. They will spend 7-10 days in London working with the ASL staff reading a selection from the works of Shakespeare or Dickens.  In return, students from ASL will visit Nantucket at another time to work with NHS faculty, community experts and organizations to study Melville and other literary works while learning about the rich history of Nantucket.  In addition to the literary study, students will travel and experience what each locale has to offer.


######INTERESTED IN COLLABORATING WITH NET? 
 
The NET Board conducts monthly reviews on Project Proposals for mini grants up to $1,500. Grants will be awarded at higher levels as NET’s funding stream is increased through community support and private donations. 
 
Please complete the Project Proposal form below to submit your application. Email any supporting documentation to NET board member, Caitlin Waddington, at waddingtonc@nps.k12.ma.us. Call 508-228-7285 x1162 for further information.

<a href="/proposal-form.html"> <button id="form-link">Click here to submit your project proposal to NET</button></a>
