---
title: About Us
class: home
secondClass: pannel
thirdClass: "no-bg"
identification: content1
published: true
---

###_It's with a heavy heart that we acknowledge the passing of fellow board member Robin Harvey._###

###_Robin's immense vitality, dedication, warmth, strength and friendship will be infinitely missed. She leaves a most respected and revered imprint on us all and we thank her._###

###_We would like to extend our most sincere condolences to the Harvey family as we join our community during this time of mourning._###



Founded in 1992, the Nantucket Education Trust (NET) is a non-profit community organization.  NET's mission is three-fold: to generate private support for public education on Nantucket; to foster private and public partnerships that benefit the children of Nantucket Public Schools; and to honor excellence in teaching and learning.

The Trust was established during a time when school systems throughout the country were experiencing severe financial constraints as a result of newly imposed budget caps.  Often such restricted budgets covered only the basic necessities and essentials.  Several Nantucket community members had learned about how other towns were forming tax-exempt, non profit organizations to generate private money for the public schools from individuals, foundations and businesses.  A steering committee, consisting of school staff, parents and community members was formed.  Their efforts resulted in the formation of the Trust and the subsequent development of strategies to connect the public schools with the private sector.

The Trust, while connected to and supportive of the school system, is autonomous, and has its own by-laws and Board of Directors.<br/><br/>
